Add to feature flags FAQ about how rollouts work (#5892)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/feature-flags/common-questions.mdx

2. Experiments that depend on trend goals won't work since we use this event to calculate relative exposure. Convert your trend experiments to funnel experiments instead to make this work.

---

> ## How are flags rolled out? Are they deterministic?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Is the rollout percentage for a flag deterministic? How about multiple flags?
```

> For a specific feature flag, a user who falls under a percentage rollout will always remain in that same percentage so you don't have to worry about users flip flopping.

Reviewer: Not sure if this is clearer:

```suggestion
For any given feature flag, a user who is within the rollout bound will always remain within the rollout bound as the rollout percentage increases. Thus, the rollout percentage is deterministic.
```
